	Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. 
It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows superfamily of operating systems, 
as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software 
development platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows 
Store and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code and managed code.

	In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains 
a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly 
in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may 
also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, 
Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework),
Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software
Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and
Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

	JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers features for development in
Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development
lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying.

	Embarcadero Delphi is an integrated development environment (IDE) for console, desktop graphical,
web, and mobile applications.Delphi's compilers use their own Object Pascal dialect of Pascal and
generate native code for 32- and 64-bit Windows operating systems, as well as 32-bit Mac OS X,
iOS and Android. As of late 2011 support for the Linux operating system was planned by Embarcadero.

	NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also
with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform
framework for Java desktop applications and others. The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can
run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM. The NetBeans
Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules.
Applications based on the NetBeans Platform (including the NetBeans IDE itself) can be extended by
third party developers.