	C♯(pronounced as see sharp) is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, 
imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), 
and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative 
and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). 
C♯ is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. 
C♯ is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and 
the common language runtime. C♯ is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, 
object-oriented programming language. Its development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg. 
The most recent version is C♯ 5.0, which was released on August 15, 2012.

	Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, 
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to 
let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform 
does not need to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to 
bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.
Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server 
web applications, with a reported 9 million developers.Java was originally developed by 
James Gosling at Sun Microsystems (which has since merged into Oracle Corporation) and released in 1995 
as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. The language derives much of its syntax from C 
and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
 
	JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web 
browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, 
communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.It is also being used in 
server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and has first-class functions. 
Its syntax was influenced by C. JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, but the two 
languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. The key design principles within 
JavaScript are taken from the Self and Scheme programming languages.It is a multi-paradigm language, 
supporting object-oriented,imperative, and functional programming styles.

	C++ (pronounced see plus plus) is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled.
It is regarded as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language
features.It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features.
C++ is one of the most popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of 
hardware and operating system platforms. As an efficient performance driven programming language it is 
used in systems software, application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server
and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.Various entities provide both
open source and proprietary C++ compiler software, including the FSF, LLVM, Microsoft and Intel. C++ has
influenced many other programming languages, for example, C# and Java.
 
	In computing, C (/ˈsiː/, as in the letter C) is a general-purpose programming language initially
developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969 and 1973 at AT&T Bell Labs. Like most imperative
languages in the ALGOL tradition, C has facilities for structured programming and allows lexical
variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. 
Its design provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and therefore
it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, most 
notably system software like the Unix computer operating system. C is one of the most widely 
used programming languages of all time, and C compilers are available for the majority of available
computer architectures and operating systems.